# Competitor analysis

## Some sample pages (not complete)
https://fatihelibol.com/
http://www.tuncelgulsoy.com/ 
https://www.ataman-coaching.com/ 
https://ankakocluk.com.tr/page665-gokce-pinar-kurucu-koc-yonetim-kurulu-baskani.html 
https://www.ericksontr.com/dr-zerrin-baser-2/  

## Content Analysis

The competitors see their most valuable asset to be the skill set of the
professional coach. The past activities, accomplishments are mentioned
in all competitor websites, as well as a testimonials as the proof of
the quality of the service that the coach provides.

On websites of smaller organizations or single individuals, access is
made much easier for the visitor by placing contact information on the
very top. While coaching companies that are larger in size don't seem to
be as concerned about ease of access

Websites of individuals keep more active with producing content for
their visitors in the form of blog articles and social media. But most
of the competitors don't seem to be embracing the benefits of social
media fully. 

There is a very wide range in the quality of the content that the
coaches produce. While it's clear that they all see client attraction
through sharing wisdom as an important part of their business, not many
of them seem to stick to a certain tone. Most don't seem to have any
principles on the structure of the articles or the social media content
shared.

*Content on all the competitor websites seem to be focusing on talking
at the audience, they don't give any indication that they hear what the
audience is saying by visiting their website and/or social media.*

## Design Analysis

Most competitor websites are poorly designed and maintained. Design in
all of them are dated and/or inconsistent with the message or the target
audience. 

Social media preferences in most are out of date.

Images used in most are do not seem to connect deeply with the service
provided, nor do they speak of any kind of experience that their service
may be providing. At most, the imagery could be considered generic.

Content in most is not managed properly. It's very common to see wrong
density of text with wrong font sizes, Wrongly scaled images and
unbalanced layouts with very little thought given to whitespace.
