# Design Principles

## Graphic design

The graphic design of the website, social media templates and other
visual touchpoints has to speak of more humane elements of human
existence. The affinity that the coach Basak Beykoz has for concepts
such as fun, care and her regular analogies such as tree, hugging,
velvet, cotton, scent, silk and others speak of a tone that is deeply
personal, the tone requires the visual design to touch the audience at a
level that the child in them can relate to, without being childish.

We recommend the use of brush strokes for extensively. these should be
mute but visible. the same concept would fit well with the logo and
typography of significant elements. The aim here is to invoke a free
thought, idea of redesign of one's self and feelings of freedom and self
expression.

Color grading shall be towards a more pastel direction, with anything
that the audience is expected to interact with, being popped slightly to
be inviting. 

Imagery used shall divert from the general use by their competitors,
which seem to either focus on mostly generic corporate imagery or stock
photos that do not carry any emotional messages. We propose the use of
personal photographs that speak of experiences, inner peace and
connection. Stock photo use is okay as long as the images chosen convey
some emotional meaning or speak of some emotional humor that the
audience would recognize and be charmed by.

Font chosen needs to be modern, a sans serif font. It shouldn't resemble
hand writing but it should be soft with its tone.

The whitespace use shall be quite liberal, the aim here is to
communicate peace with white space. It's possible to have a mild texture
as long as it promotes the emotional connection that the brand is trying
to achieve.

We recommend that there should be no animations of any kind in the
design. nothing that fades, moves, certainly no animations. The concept
should be easy to grasp with no surprises. There should be clear
distinction between images, videos, text. The aim here is to not
surprise the audience, and to make sure that irrelevant things do not
steal attention from the emotional messages.

## Content Design

As with most websites, the main page content carries critical
importance. The tone that shall be used in the entire website is
outlined in branding document. 

First page content shall be brief and touch on the most important points
that the audience may be curious about. The content may have some hints
about what a professional coach does. But the bulk of the content should
focus on what Basak Beykoz does differently. As most audience that
arrives at the website will most likely visit other coaches. The main
appeal of the website is designed to be its more emotional nature
compared to its competitors.

The front page shall contain links to pages that are relevant to
understanding the deeper concepts related to coaching. Principles of
Basak Beykoz, past experience in different industries, techniques she
uses, blog posts, social media and all other relevant content can be
available as hyperlinks; with the most relevant of these that audience
could want to reach also featured as buttons.

We recommend that the page depth for any content should not exceed 2.
This means, any content that is featured on the website should be
available with 2 clicks. Such as: 

[ blog -> some blog post ] 

or

[ about basak beykoz -> past experience ]. 

Ideally no content of the website shall require a 3rd click to reach.
This principle excludes reaching blog posts that are older that require
clicking a button such as "older posts", even this can be mitigated with
the use of endless scrolling. 

More technical content on the website such as past experience can
abandon the emotional tone. But content such as blog posts would benefit
from an emotional premise and an emotional conclusion while the bulk of
the content may be technical and/or analytical.
