# Branding

## Basic description of the service performed by Basak Beykoz

Basak Beykoz offers a distinguished service that is meant to connect
people with their own true potential. It's all about them realizing
their own capabilities and goals, via overcoming challenges. They not
only leap towards their personal goals, but also enjoy discovering
beyond their imagination.

The nature of professional coaching service puts people at the captain's
wheelhouse while professional coach Basak Beykoz joins their journey as
the companion at the way along. Basak's distinctive craft can be better
described as mirroring people for a volunteered uplifting process during
their unique journey. 

Basak Beykoz has worked in corporate environments throughout her adult
life, with profound experience in Project Management at diversified
sectors such as news media publishing, high tech engineering,
pharmaceutical industry and more. She is by nature an experience driven
person who is no stranger to the finer things and places in life. 

Embracing life with a variety of questions, she focusses on “how?”
rather than “why?” Surpassing substantial difficulties, she always
approached to both her professional and personal life with deep joy.
Basak has formidably flourished with her refreshing energy free of
ambitious engagements. Through her delicately tough journey she has been
courageous to distill and purify emotional reservations. 

She has acclaimed her coaching trainings from esteemed institutions and
continues to enhance her coaching career. She also has a very mature and
charming way of connecting with people from different ways of life. She
easily establishes trust and creates attraction swiftly, providing a
wide playground for her coachees to focus on their journey. 

“Crafted questions embody the most significant, precious and astonishing
solutions for beholders.” Başak Beykoz

Basak's description of her genuine craft is creative and constructive
questions developed upon character aspirations, professional equipment
and deepened vision. Working through powerful questions, she helps to
polish solid goals with humane touch. She provides the zone to enhance
interpersonal relations aligned with self inner peace. She enjoys to
witness inspirational discoveries of her coachees on each and unique
journeys of themselves.

Basak Beykoz is an accredited companion, meaning that she comprehends
the major endeavors such as building leadership skills, handling stress,
investing in professional goals, enhancing competencies for career
shift, work-life balance, time management. She successfully executed
those herself throughout her journey. But above all, she developed a
holistic vision towards life established upon on personal virtues and
values authentically colored with talents and choices. Compassion is her
main compass. This adds up distinguished fine tuning to the manistream
approach of the sector. 

Basak Beykoz's true qualities and her professional simplistic call start
with an emotional hook, and end where an outstanding shift in points of
view. This cannot be called the end of course; but a restart which
peacefully provokes for action. The coachee continues the journey more
resourceful, even and confident than ever. 

## the Basak Beykoz brand

The main difference of Basak Beykoz brand is the emphasis on human
values. The brand can make the distinction that its tone is not sterile,
that the client being human matters. It's not about getting ahead in
professional life but more about finding your own colors, your own voice
and inner peace, which then makes the world, professional life and
aspirations more accessible to you.

The distinct approaches of how the online content is planned to approach
the audience will be based upon big 5 personality model as the content
and tone is expected to first communicate with the audience on an
emotional level. As analytics data pools, this approach can and shall be
revised to respond to the sensitivities of the audience with a finer
tone. Commonly expected personality traits and how they will be
approached are listed in the following paragraphs.

For people who score high on conscientiousness, the aspect of building
structure in their client's conduct and thinking could be the most
effective strategy. People who are low on conscientiousness and feel the
need to get better in this aspect would also resonate with this message,
if they are weary of building structures, then they may be captured by
another personality trait listed below.

People who are high on openness can be affected the messages of
experiencing their life in a new way and opening themselves for seeing
their own colors and true self. They are more likely to respond to
messages that involve creation, thrill, noticing new things in their
familiarity environment end learning to enjoy subtle things. People
score low on openness may respond to messages on ethics and/or "what's
right".

For people who seek coaching for reasons related to high neuroticism,
the message that will resonate with them can be that they can find
peace, their true self and experience life in a different way that is
more favorable for their goals and inner peace. 

On extraversion front, people who score highly on these would, unless
they are better defined by any of the traits that are mentioned above,
may likely be interested in leadership, and more traditional coaching
services, for this group, Basak Beykoz can communicate through her
corporate skill set and past professional experience. 

Introverted people who are having trouble in their lives due to demands
from them that require extraversion, may be captured by the messages
that capture the high neuroticism group.

Introverted people who are happy with their nature but still want to get
coaching can be captured by some other personality trait that they
exhibit.

People who score high on agreeableness and aren't happy about this can
be influenced by the messages of leadership, taking initiative,
independence. People who are agreeable and enjoy this about themselves
may be influenced by the same messages but would probably respond better
to messages of learning how to use these skills more effectively. People
who score low on agreeableness are more likely to oppose to any idea
that they encounter during coaching and can be seen similar to people
who score low on openness, they will have to be approached on some other
personality trait they have. 

### Key Brand Descriptors
- Build Structure in you, in your life: high/low conscientiousness
- Find your own colors, enhance the ones you already have: high openness
- Real you, for you. Real you, for all to see: low extraversion, high
  neuroticism
- Finding inner peace, looking at the world in peace: high neuroticism,
  high openness
- The strength you always had: low openness, low extraversion

The endpoint for every descriptor is to reach your life goals.
